[docs] Add docs for adding a new backend (#2878)
NVIDIA/cuda-quantum: docs/sphinx/using/extending/backend.rst

    
    config:
      # Tell DefaultQuantumPlatform what QPU subtype to use
      platform-qpu: remote_rest
      # Add the rest-qpu library to the link list
      link-libs: ["-lcudaq-rest-qpu"]
      # Tell NVQ++ to generate glue code to set the target backend name
      gen-target-backend: true
      # Add preprocessor defines to compilation
      preprocessor-defines: ["-D CUDAQ_QUANTUM_DEVICE"]
      # Define the lowering pipeline
      # This will cover applying hardware-specific constraints since each provider may have different native gate sets, requiring custom mappings and decompositions. You may need assistance from the CUDA-Q team to set this up correctly.
      platform-lowering-config: "classical-optimization-pipeline,globalize-array-values,func.func(state-prep),unitary-synthesis,canonicalize,apply-op-specialization,aggressive-early-inlining,classical-optimization-pipeline,func.func(lower-to-cfg,canonicalize,multicontrol-decomposition),decomposition{enable-patterns=SToR1,TToR1,R1ToU3,U3ToRotations,CHToCX,CCZToCX,CRzToCX,CRyToCX,CRxToCX,CR1ToCX},quake-to-cc-prep,func.func(expand-control-veqs,combine-quantum-alloc,canonicalize,combine-measurements),symbol-dce"

>       # Tell the rest-qpu that we are generating OpenQASM 2.0.

Reviewer: Comment mismatch.
```suggestion
      # Tell the rest-qpu that we are generating QIR base profile.
```

    from multiprocessing import Process
    
    import cudaq
    from cudaq import spin

    skipIf<provider_name>NotInstalled = pytest.mark.skipif(
        not (cudaq.has_target("<provider_name>")),
        reason='Could not find `<provider_name>` in installation')
    
    try:
        from utils.mock_qpu.<provider_name> import startServer
    except:
        print("Mock qpu not available, skipping Provider Name tests.")
        pytest.skip("Mock qpu not available.", allow_module_level=True)
    
    # Define the port for the mock server - make sure this is unique
    # across all tests.
    port = 62444
    
    @pytest.fixture(scope="session", autouse=True)
    def startUpMockServer():
        # Set the targeted QPU
        cudaq.set_target('<provider_name>',
                        url=f'http://localhost:{port}',
                        api_key="test_key")
        
        # Launch the Mock Server
        p = Process(target=startServer, args=(port,))
        p.start()
        time.sleep(1)
        
        yield "Running the tests."
        
        # Kill the server
        p.terminate()
    
    def test_<provider_name>_sample():
        # Create the kernel

>         kernel = cudaq.make_kernel()

Reviewer: Q: Curious why you chose builder mode here?

Author: It's just the overwhelming majority of our existing tests:
https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuda-quantum/blob/main/unittests/backends/infleqtion/InfleqtionTester.cpp
https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuda-quantum/blob/main/unittests/backends/anyon/AnyonTester.cpp
https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuda-quantum/blob/main/unittests/backends/ionq/IonQTester.cpp
https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuda-quantum/blob/main/unittests/backends/oqc/OQCTester.cpp
...etc

Is there a reason to avoid the dynamic kernel builder?

Reviewer: Kernel mode is preferable due to its expressiveness and composability.

2. How to configure and use the backend
3. Any provider-specific parameters or features
4. Examples of running circuits on the backend
5. Adding your logo to the diagram on :doc:`../backends/hardware`

More specifically, you will need to modify at least the following files:
* ``docs/sphinx/using/examples/hardware_providers.rst``
* ``docs/sphinx/using/backends/hardware.rst``
* ``docs/sphinx/using/backends/hardware/<your-technology>.rst``
* ``docs/sphinx/targets/python/<provider_name>.py``
* ``docs/sphinx/targets/cpp/<provider_name>.cpp``

Example Usage
=============

Once your backend is implemented, users can use it as follows:

.. code-block:: python

    import cudaq
    
    # Set the target to your provider
    cudaq.set_target('<provider_name>', 
                    api_key='your_api_key',
                    device='your_device')
    
    # Create and run a circuit
    @cudaq.kernel
    def bell():
        qubits = cudaq.qvector(2)
        h(qubits[0])
        x.ctrl(qubits[0], qubits[1])
        mz(qubits)
    
    # Run the circuit
    counts = cudaq.sample(bell)
    print(counts)

Code Review
===========

> Once you have implemented a ``BackendHelper``, some basic tests, and documentation, please `create a PR <https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuda-quantum/pulls>`_ with your changes and tag the CUDA-Q team for review.

Reviewer: `BackendHelper` term is not used anywhere else, perhaps use `ProviderNameServerHelper` for consistency?
